Now that's a familiar sight
that moves me to tears.
Impressive!
They actually built a wonderful village
in this primitive stone world!
The sea. the mountains.
and this village shall all be mine!
Not a chance. That's our village.
-Welcome back!
-Senku! Chrome!
It seems these people
are just like Chrome and Kohaku.
They aren't from the 21st century.
Yeah.
They are the descendants of people
who escaped the petrification
thousands of years ago.
You don't find
people like them everywhere.
I see. Ever since that day...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
By the way.
if you invented the revival fluid.
how did you wake up from petrification?
I'm not 100% sure.
but I heard he just didn't fall asleep
and kept counting numbers the whole time.
Then. nitric acid kept dripping on him...
Senku...
-Senku. play with us.
-Okay. fine.
Ryusui.
Come on. I'll give you
a tour around Ishigami Village.
To battle Tsukasa
who had a formidable army.
Senku assembled
a group of comrades in this village.
Thus started the Kingdom of Science.
And now he is attempting
to rescue his former enemy. Tsukasa.
Yes.
That's why Senku is trying to go to
the source of the petrification light.
located on the other side of the world.
Starting with Tsukasa.
the aim is to revive
the entire human race on this planet.
To accomplish this. you will need
a captain who can helm the ship.
In other words.
you will give anything to employ my help!
Isn't that right?
When did you get up there?
Hey. you guys!
Stop talking and give me a hand over here.
Seriously.
They'll complete the ship first
if we don't put our backs into it.
Impressive.
The extremely complicated ship
Senku designed
is slowly taking shape.
I can't wait to travel abroad!
South America...
Even back in the 21st century.
I've never been so far from home.
Into the unknown world!
Give it your all!
But I won't be joining the voyage.
Ginro. you're the worst.
All this is meaningless banter
until our giant ship is complete.
We must finish
before Senku's team find the fuel!
Senku has even
taken to the skies in search of it!
Thanks for test-flying
the hot air balloon. Senku.
I'm glad everything went well.
We almost met our demise in the sky.
All right. We'll start searching
from the sky and on the ground.
We'll search every inch of this place.
and once we get our hands on the fuel.
we can fly to the other side of the world
and then some.
Can you do that. our very capable captain?
Who do you think I am?
There's nowhere I can't take my crew!
Whether it's the petrification light
or the future of humanity.
nothing is beyond my reach.
This new stone world.
and everything in it.
shall all be mine!
Thank you for your hospitality.
gorgeous ladies!
Oh. my. He just called us gorgeous.
Oh. man! Get a look at this food!
We prepared a feast to welcome Ryusui
and celebrate Senku's return.
GRILLED FISH
GRILLED FISH SOUP
GRILLED FISH SALAD
GRILLED FISH DESSERT
GRILLED FISH... SOMETHING
Jasper. Turquoise. any problems
protecting the elderly by yourselves?
All was quiet here.
At least if a bear had shown up.
we could've gotten some meat.
We've only had fish
for the past few months.
Senku...
How long are we going to stay
in this village?
Who knows?
It will probably be a year
or two before we find the petroleum.
I'll find both petroleum and food
from the sky!
I must... I shall...
No matter what the cost!
I admire your determination.
I recently had a thought
that maybe greed isn't exactly a bad thing
in a world like this.
-Yeah. I'm definitely grateful.
-No matter what!
We're counting on you. Mr. Pilot.
I can't believe I'm actually flying!
Quit squealing like a kid. lioness.
Get to work.
I'm not squealing!
And I'm no lioness!
You haven't called me that in ages!
Yeah. we're relying on your eyesight
for this mission. Kohaku.
Otherwise. it'd be me
flying in the balloon.
The ground expedition
is equally important.
Can we really find petroleum from the sky?
The possibility is not zero.
But it's not exactly scientific
to rely solely on luck.
We'll stay connected
with our ground team via cell phone.
steadily map out the terrain.
and close in on our target.
the Sagara Oil Field.
We'll chart the new world
using our eyes.
VISION 11.0
That forest. is that...
Is there food?
It's a cedar forest.
Leave that to the master logger.
I know the way to reach that forest too.
It's a trove of building materials.
We'll keep marking the treasure locations
as we would do on a video game map.
DISCOVERED: CEDAR FOREST
This is getting even more interesting.
Let's discuss with Chrome
and locate the mineral mine.
Not bad.
Not bad at all...
But where is the food?
What's that?
Something's moving.
A herd of wild animals?
A sailor's instinct is always right.
Bingo.
An old goat sighted wandering alone.
A herd of goats must have gone wild.
Sorry about this.
Call me a hypocrite.
but I'll eat every bit of your meat
with gratitude.
DISCOVERED: GOAT HERD
MOUNT FUJI. CEDAR FOREST.
GOAT HERD. SAGARA OIL FIELD
How is this possible...
I've never seen a map as detailed as this!
Behold.
the intelligence gathered from the sky!
Once we map all the food sources.
you can eat something
other than those boring fish...
Science is truly amazing.
Thanks to science. no one will ever die
from starvation again.
But it's been so long since the last time
we couldn't catch any fish.
Enough of that.
It's killing the mood for dinner.
The reason the Ishigami Village folk...
what remained of humanity...
didn't grow in population...
was because of food shortage. right?
There were a lot more people
in the village before I was born.
But many died
during a bad year of fishing.
I hear Turquoise's family
was no exception...
There is a limit
to how much hunting can be done.
The only answer
to a greater population is farming.
Some even theorize
this was the plants' evil plan...
the enslavement of humanity.
So you're saying that all creatures
including humanity
were born solely for multiplying?
Only God knows the answer to that.
And I don't give a rat's ass about God!
I just don't want to see the pretty ladies
shed tears of sorrow ever again!
I am the greediest man alive. after all!
We'll find the seeds we need from above.
Get ready. Senku.
We're farming.
Well. there will be a market for food
once we start farming.
and the value of the currency
will skyrocket.
UNLOCKED: CURRENCY!
You saw right through me.
Definitely questionable motives...
I thought Gen was terrible.
but Ryusui is even worse.
He's just the greediest person alive.
He simply can't give up on anything.
Not himself nor the others.
What is this about?
Kohaku said there was some kind of grass
growing by the shore.
Ryusui.
Finding it was necessary
regardless of your yapping.
We need to mass-produce food
that's easy to preserve
and light enough to carry
to the other side of Earth.
There it is!
A golden field of foxtail!
The land here is fertile enough
to sustain a herd of goats.
We were bound to find wild food sources.
This bird's-eye view just made it faster.
Wheat!
Are we making bread now?
Yeah. From now on.
we'll grow and create food
with our own hands.
This is part of our preparation
for our long voyage on the sea
to find the source
of the petrification light.
We need loads of food
that doesn't spoil easily.
I want the best long-lasting food.
I want bread!
Since we don't have bread yet.
we'll just start by growing wheat.
Brioche!
Sfogliatella!
Chocolate bun!
What are those?
Names of your ultimate kill moves?
Brioche!
No one is making such fancy bread.
What we need is long-lasting food.
We're making hardtack.
We'll make that too.
I'm the greediest man alive. after all!
But we don't have enough wheat for that.
Which is why we need farming.
Interesting. Humans will produce
more food with the help of science
by planting seeds
and taking care of plants.
Should we sow the seeds near the village?
We are too deep in the mountains.
Drainage is bad. too.
The Kanto Plain is ideal for farming.
Taiju and his Team Gorilla
will be fired-up about this.
This is my father.
For real?
This place is getting quite crowded.
What can we do?
We fix them but we don't revive them.
We might as well revive them all
and put them to work.
One cannot simply
increase the population size.
We won't have enough food for everyone.
But we need to act soon.
We can't revive them if the cross-section
withers away.
It all comes back to more food...
If I could work harder and gather more...
Fret not!
From this moment on.
we won't rely solely
on gathering natural resources!
We'll use knowledge
and strength to create more food!
Oh. man. I can't do this anymore.
It's too hot out here.
You should be ashamed of yourselves!
How about earning your crust?!
I thought this might help
with blocking sunlight.
Since we had some wheat straw.
I tried weaving a hat.
It fits the farmer's look.
This is amazing. Yuzuriha!
Is this a crown for the King of Farming?
I never said anything like that.
Senku is the King of Science.
Ryusui is the King of Sailing.
But they're away
in search of petroleum!
Who should be our leader?
Whose orders should we follow?
The King of Farming. of course!
The crown goes to whoever
has the biggest wheat field. right?
I see what's going on.
But why would anyone
work their tail off for this?
Well. I might know of two...
YO'S FIELD
Would you look at that...
Taiju...
He worries me as much as
Magma and Yo. but in a different way.
It's already nightfall.
Resting is part of work. too. Taiju.
Thanks. Nikki.
But don't worry about me.
Taiju actually looks happy.
Taiju's endless stamina
and hard-working qualities
make him a perfect match for farming.
That's not the only that drives him...
This is my father.
I lost my parents when I was little.
If there was a way to bring them back.
I'd be willing to do anything.
But I can't bring them back.
So I'll save
the family of others no matter what!
I'll produce a mountain of food
and revive the entire world!
I can do that with these tiny seeds.
Wheat and bread is the first step!
There are so many of them!
This is amazing!
The seeds grew into a field of wheat!
YO'S FIELD
Only Taiju's wheat is growing well.
Why did ours stop growing?
Did you plant over here as well?
Sorry. I didn't notice.
These are seashells that I ground up.
Senku taught me this a long time ago.
I didn't understand the science behind it.
but I sprinkled some of this
on the field just to be safe.
Let's check the soil's condition.
Wash and crush morning glory petals.
Then dye the paper with the paste.
Is this the thing
we used in science lessons?
What was its name again?
Is it something like litmus paper?
Magma and Yo's soil
turned the litmus paper red.
My soil turned the litmus paper purple.
You really won this time. Taiju.
Wheat can't grow in acidic soil.
Although logic isn't your strong suit.
you managed to neutralize
the acidity with lime.
But still. we have no idea
what variant of wheat this is.
We had to rely on the greatest skill
in the Kingdom of Science.
trial and error.
UNLOCKED: WHEAT FIELD!
Something is headed this way.
Impressive!
I'm buying all of this
so everyone can eat their fill!
Perfect timing.
Freshly grown wheat
delivered by a hot air balloon.
Well. it's not quite ready yet.
Well done. King of Farming.
We've made a major breakthrough
in solving the food crisis for humanity.
We'll use this momentum
to travel around the world
and solve the mystery
behind the petrification.
And we'll finally revive humanity.
I get goosebumps just thinking about it.
No way our bread would be that fluffy.
We're not professional bakers.
This isn't just my greed talking.
Quality is important.
The bread loaded on ships
during the Age of Discovery was so hard
that it was only eaten as a last resort.
I wouldn't consider anything like that
proper food.
It's ready.
The stone world's first batch
of oven-baked bread!
Delicious!
It tastes like potatoes.
This crunchy texture is to die for.
It's all black.
but the aroma is incredible!
The palate of modern humans
is too delicate.
I heard stories
about people starving to death
because they couldn't stomach
unsavory foods.
I learned that
from my JSDF survival training.
I bet Senku and others
have tried baking already
and are eating soft. delicious bread
to their heart's content.
I wish I was there.
This bread could be the end of us all.
don't you think?
Indeed. Our great voyage of discovery
across the globe will fail unless we...
-Revive professional chefs!
You guys were in sync just now.
This story is fiction but the flora/fauna.
substances. and methods
are based on reality.
Collecting/making them is dangerous
and/or may constitute a criminal act.
Please do not attempt.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm